Theme Tune: [Music]
Kevin: Hello farmers and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Kevin
Vincent: And my name is Vincent.
Kevin: Yeah, there you go, and we are here today to talk about cottage corrugates mostly pocopia whoa
Vincent: Ooh! Especially for Copia.
Kevin: There you go
Kevin: Okay Vincent VJ on
Kevin: Sopholistic longtime friend of me and Alan and our circle. I think you were on episode of triple R
Kevin: Were you a bit of a shit for a ton on harvest? He's like,
Vincent: Yes, I saw I was on one episode of triple R with Alex, but it's my first time on the harvest season.
Vincent: I think Alan, I have discussed being on a few times, but it's always during when I'm busy.
Kevin: You are a busy guy. You travel. Um, so I answer the trick. Yeah. Um, and for we've listened to don't remember triple R big rainbow road radio. The podcast I
Vincent: Yes.
Kevin: Work on have done. It's on the hiatus right now with our mutual friend Alex on all things Mario. There's a Mario movie out, but you probably get
Kevin: Anyways, um
Kevin: Yeah, uh, anyways, thanks. Well, then welcome to the harvest season officially events and glad to have you on
Kevin: Oh it's exciting to have another voice.
Kevin: So you know the drill listeners, like I said, we're gonna talk about
Kevin: POCOPIA. Today's specifically we're gonna talk about multiplayer. Vincent and I
Kevin: have both been dabbling in the multiplayer of the past week, so we have thoughts
Kevin: and there's I think a great chunk to talk about actually surprising how much
Kevin: in-depth it is, but anyway we'll get there. Before that of course we have all
Kevin: news and updates and all that good stuff, but before that
Kevin: Vincent, what's going on? What have you been up to? Tell me.
Vincent: Well, Kevin, for listeners, they've managed to meet me at a very Pokemon time in my life.
Vincent: This last probably week and a half, I've been very heavy on Pokemon stuff.
Vincent: So, obviously, for the last month or so, I've been playing "Pocopia."
Vincent: I just wrapped credits like a week and a half ago.
Vincent: So, I was taking it slow, yes.
Vincent: But, since then, I have dove headfirst into cloud islands and multiples.
Vincent: player and have probably doubled my playtime the last week and a half over compared to the previous month.
Kevin: It happens to everyone, like, when you touch but multiple are like, oh, there's a whole new game here.
Kevin: And it just gets you going.
Vincent: Yeah, there's like the single player. Yeah, it's single player was great, but you know, it's it was
Vincent: Overwhelming thinking about restoring all those different habitats in the different environments, but once you get to the cloud Allen
Kevin: Yeah
Vincent: It's a full blank slate, you know, unlike the
Vincent: Set-me-blank slate of pallet town. It just you know, it unleashed something in me. I couldn't stop
Kevin: Yeah
Vincent: I couldn't put it down
Kevin: Yeah, absolutely and though we are officially passed a month into
Kevin: Percopia you have the foundation block. I do not so you with
Vincent: Yes. Yep, randomly found it in a sparkling sparkling spot, and I don't remember if it was Mike
Vincent: Cloud Island or Alice Cloud Island, but one of the things
Kevin: Well, I'm incredibly jealous. Oh
Kevin: Well, good stuff. All right. Oh, obviously we'll get more into that detail later, but what I well
Kevin: I know what you've been up to but tell the others about what the non-pecope apocal
Vincent: Yes, I have also dabbled in Pokémon Champions.
Kevin: Mmm. Okay. So for listeners unfamiliar, that is the free to play correct. It's read a demo to an installed
Vincent: Yeah, completely free to play, um, yeah, battle simulator.
Kevin: battle
Kevin: Mm-hmm. What are you playing it on?
Vincent: Uh, right now it's on the switch to, um, I believe it's available on both the switch and switch to.
Vincent: And I want to say there's a mobile version coming, but I don't think it's out yet.
Kevin: Yeah, I believe we got delayed. I mean there there's a lot we could talk about right cuz it came out just this week and and
Vincent: Oh, yeah.
Kevin: To let's say mixed reactions, right cuz I mean you obviously you'll tell me here in a second
Kevin: But it sounds like the game plays all right, but the performance ooh and some of those glitches ooh
Kevin: It's it's came out in rough shape. Let's say
Kevin: But tell me tell me
Vincent: Yeah. Yeah. So they did, they did not set up to, to give it a chance to have strong first impressions. Let's put it that, the tutorials were, was, was kind of rough in terms of performance, you know, there was a lot of cut scenes, but the cut scenes are very.
Vincent: 30 frames per second, and it was a rough 30 frames per second, not like a smooth, you know, like, well, like if you played, for example.
Kevin: Oh yeah.
Vincent: You know, monster hunters, generations ultimate on this original switch, right. That was 30 frames per second, even sub 30 frames per second, but it was a smooth 30 frames per second.
Vincent: This one was a pretty pretty rough one. There was a lot of stuttering. So, you know, it didn't, it did make a good first impression. And then, you know, obviously once you get into the game, then you realize it has a much more limited roster than was originally anticipated.
Vincent: limited rule set.
Vincent: limited items, held items.
Kevin: [Music]
Vincent: And there was also a lot of bugs during the first release.
Vincent: I believe they've addressed more, more, the more concerning bugs
Vincent: now such as, you know, mega priority.
Vincent: But I think there's still a few bugs in there as well.
Vincent: So, you know, when I first started up, it did not grab me initially.
Vincent: I did the tutorials.
Vincent: I put it down and then gave it in a chance.
Vincent: And I was like, but then that's when I realized, okay, once you get to the battles it is pretty good. It is a pretty smooth experience once or into battles, but outside of that, the menus are a bit rough.
Kevin: - Mm.
Kevin: - Well done.
Kevin: - Oh, that Pokemon Unite experience.
Vincent: Exactly. Oh my God.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: [laughing]
Kevin: - Well clap, clap, clap.
Kevin: - Okay, so all right, let me, let me respond
Kevin: here a few things.
Kevin: So first of all, it does Hayes heel, Bill.
Kevin: [laughing]
Kevin: Did you catch that one?
Vincent: No, I did I was not able to be in a match with that. I don't have a... I haven't run into Hayes since the most recent patch, so I don't know if that's still research HP or not.
Kevin: got it. That, oh gosh, that's the funniest thing in the world, but for people. So yeah,
Kevin: we're talking competitive. So it might get a little technical to your vote. But in Pokemon,
Kevin: the move haze, um, reset, reset stat changes, very powerful move. It does it for the whole
Kevin: field, all Pokemon on the field. Um, but hilariously, uh, it would seem that it treated
Kevin: H P as a stat and completely healed your team when you use it.
Kevin: Which is the most absurd bonkers overpowered thing ever. Um, but, um, but yeah, that, that was hilarious. Um,
Kevin: but I mean, hey, there already, it was a pretty quick, I don't think it's been a weekend. They were,
Kevin: they're already patched. It's a good for them. Um, what, what, what are you, what are you using men to tell
Kevin: are you using forts while using home Pokemon or other rentals?
Vincent: So I played a little bit of competitive.
Vincent: I diabolically competitive in Gen 7 and Gen 8.
Vincent: So I do have a roster of competitive ready Pokemon
Vincent: from home that I imported in.
Vincent: So I had a bit of a head start there.
Vincent: I initially was running a sand team.
Vincent: And I just slapped on Mega Meganium in there,
Vincent: because it was a new Mega I want to try it out, which
Vincent: work well enough in the first, you know, the pokeball level.
Vincent: Um, tear. However, um, every opponent that I faced literally every opponent was Mega Charizard, so I end up just never bringing, I think, I think I finished like, I got all the way to Great Ball Tier and I've never, I think I make it once.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, that's rough
Vincent: At most of the times, I don't, I don't even bring it. I just, you know, lead with, uh, to try to turn next to the drill and they, they take care of it. Well, in the pokeball tier, most of the opponents I faced were.
Vincent: Like, it was clear that there was rental teams. So, you know, they didn't pose a much of a challenge, but then once I got to Great Ball Tier, I decided to just switch it up to, um, what I believe is the most common team right now, which is Sun team would make a Charizard, why in Venus or mainly because I wanted to hit that mega button.
Kevin: Yeah, fair enough. Um, yeah, that that's hilarious. Um, that that charged our I mean, it's it's expected, but it's hilarious that it's shaking
Kevin: I will say like I know so obviously that you know the technical stuff like and the glitches like that's one thing and that's no good. That's certainly a bad impression
Kevin: The limited roster stuff. I think uh, I think and the fact there's no Dynamax or you know other gimmicks or whatever even though
Kevin: That's kind of the sound.
Kevin: All that's going to be added.
Kevin: I mean, personally, I wasn't expecting it to be at launch.
Kevin: That's a lot, right?
Kevin: Like they're barely introducing all the ZA stuff in the, you know, the
Kevin: traditional competitive Pokemon battling.
Kevin: And honestly, I don't mind a limited roster, because it gives, um, I'm not the best
Kevin: person to explain it, but I saw some competitive people describe it, but, you
Kevin: know, they were like professionals describe it.
Kevin: Like basically the bigger a Pokedex is the higher the opportunity cost of not
Kevin: losing the best thing.
Kevin: So when the Pokedex gets bigger, you actually see a lot more uniform homogenous
Kevin: metas where everyone's using, you know, mega-requeso or zernias or all, you
Kevin: know, the stuff like that.
Kevin: Um, so in a limited deck, so we actually get to see stuff, uh, different
Kevin: stuff shine.
Kevin: Granted, you know, there's, there's still going to be a top dog, which, you
Kevin: know, they say, I guess charge harder, whatever, but, um, but yeah, I don't mind
Kevin: too much, like I'm, I'm content just seeing this.
Kevin: I've been interested, but I haven't, I haven't bitten yet, because I hope you're buying.
Kevin: Well, good. I mean, so, okay, so, so you say the battling is good.
Vincent: Oh, you got to give it a shot.
Kevin: Yeah. Um, how is the, the monetization, the gems, the rewards, how, how, how's all that?
Vincent: So at least so far during the early stages,
Vincent: they do shower you with a lot of resources.
Vincent: I think that the two most critic,
Vincent: I would say critical currencies.
Vincent: And there may be more, but off top of my head,
Vincent: just the two ones that are most important are VP victory points
Vincent: and quick coupons.
Vincent: So Victor points is probably going to be the most critical currency because that's what you use to train up your Pokemon. So you change it every time you want to change the stats, you have to use VP.
Vincent: So, example, if you want to adjust the stats spread, you want to teach a new move, you want to change the ability, change the nature, the good news is those are all super simple now it's just in a, you know, you get a one menu, you can change anything about that Pokemon.
Vincent: Battlewise, but every minor tweak, you have to spend victory points. It's not, it's not, you know, I think if you're just starting out, you may have to spend a lot initially, but they do share with you with a lot of victory points from the very beginning, just from, you know, watching the tutorial, doing like a, you know, tutorial on how to mega evolve, for example, how to play already move, how to switch, you know, what double battles are things like that.
Vincent: Play against the computer and it's gonna...
Vincent: give you a ton of victory points. So I think off the from the very beginning, you know, I don't think you're gonna be find yourself in a hole unless like you're the type to adjust your stats spread and adjust your move like after every battle, then you know, maybe that'll be an issue.
Vincent: But otherwise, it's they're pretty generous with those resources. And then the other one is quick coupons, which still does a mechanic in there to recruit Pokemon. So they show you a line of time.
Vincent: I think it's 10 Pokemon and then every 22 hours, you can cycle through to a new line of 10 Pokemon. So from there, you get to recruit them to your team, which can either be temporary or permanent.
Kevin: Okay
Vincent: Then the quick coupons is used to to speed up that cooldown. So I believe it's like one quick coupon for every hour. So, you know, you use to 22 quick coupons and you get to, you know, I mean, I mean, that's...
Vincent: be having that exact number correctly, but you spend a certain amount of quick coupons and you can view the next line about 10 Pokemon. So you can, if you don't have a team from home, for example, or usable Pokemon from home, then you can just cycle through that quick coupon roulette to try and recruit a half decent team.
Kevin: Okay, um, question. So let's just say I'm someone who hasn't played home
Kevin: Um, and so I'm starting up the new game fresh or whatever. Do they give you a team of six to play with?
Kevin: Or off the bat? Or do you have to wait or you know, you have to do tutorials and stuff till Malcolm?
Vincent: So right after the initial set of tutorials, you do end up with a team of,
Vincent: with at least six already. I believe, I've tried to remember, yeah, I think because after the
Vincent: first after the initial tutorials, which you have to go through to even get to the main menu,
Vincent: you will end up with a team of six already from the tutorial because they make you do a trial
Vincent: or a initial battle with, I think it's a, some people say it's a player, some people say it's a
Vincent: I'm so not sure who that first battle is with. Because my opponent used, used Vino Shock
Vincent: into my steelics. And then afterwards, their next Pokemon was like proceeded to use agility
Kevin: Yeah, I've heard that.
Vincent: three, three times. So I think mine was a bot, but, but yeah, you do end up with six,
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, which makes sense or especially for you know new folks probably a wise idea
Vincent: Pokemon right away. And then, you know, if you start the game, I think there's like a
Vincent: promotional period where you start the game before the end of August or something, you get
Vincent: like a free dragonite. So that's, you know, another one. And there's the mystery gift for, I think
Vincent: it was a match up. So you get like at least eight right off the bat. And then you have to play the
Vincent: quick coupon roulette, which then, and I believe from the, when you're
Vincent: recruiting, you can either recruit a Pokemon for free for seven days from your recruitment lineup,
Vincent: or you can spend VP or I think they're like recruit for ticket or something to permanently recruit
Vincent: that Pokemon to your team. And then those, but those recruit a Pokemon are, I believe there's like,
Kevin: Mmm, right
Vincent: it's a random stat, you know, they're all maxed out
Vincent: EVs, but it's a random in terms of, you know, which stats are maxed out and what the nature is even and all that.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Interesting. Um, huh. I mean, obviously I have a roster of competitive Pokemon I could get too quickly. How easy was that?
Kevin: Like connecting to home and bringing their Pokemon.
Vincent: So it's probably easier than it's easy in hindsight, but I struggled, I spent like 15 minutes going through every menu, you know, the painful menus in champions trying to find a way to import from home, because there is a button that says, you know, import from or collect Pokémon from Pokémon home.
Vincent: But it keeps telling me that, oh, you have to link your Pokémon home to champions.
Vincent: And I spent like 15 minutes looking through every nook and cranny in champions to find the way to connect home.
Vincent: It turns out you have to go to home and then to do that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Vincent: So you have to go to home, mark the Pokémon in home as, hey, this is one I want to send the champions, hit confirm, save and then go back to champions and then collect them from, you know, they show up in like a box in there and they have to collect them.
Vincent: And then you're Pokémon champions box.
Kevin: Okay, huh, okay. Well, yeah, yeah, I'm not surprised. That sounds like a very Pokemon thing go to the other app to be able to connect
Vincent: Yes, it was kind of clunky, but it's once you figure it out, it kind of works.
Vincent: But if we are first time here, I was doing it. It was kind of confusing.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense, especially with elka, but yeah, good stuff.
Vincent: Oh, yeah.
Kevin: Um, well, that's, uh, you know, even with all the, all the headaches and hassles.
Kevin: Um, like, like you said, the, uh, the, the badling itself sounds all right.
Kevin: So, you know, hopefully fingers crossed we get to a point where this is really
Kevin: polished, but it's elka.
Kevin: So, you know, uh, if it.
Vincent: Yeah, but I will say, yes, battling is very smooth and it's a lot quicker to get in and out of battles and then, you know, move on to the next battle in champions compared to the previous games. So I'll give it that.
Kevin: Okay, sure that you know what that that is fairly impressive. I'll say that
Vincent: and you can forfeit mid-game, like even during the opponent's turn, you can forfeit.
Kevin: Be yeah
Vincent: So if you're in a, you know, you don't have to sit through the animations and do all that
Vincent: or wait till your turn, there's a button that's, you know, quit button, just hit that,
Vincent: hit okay, or sometimes other person hits it, but it's very easy to get out of battle.
Vincent: That's one of the key things why battles are so fast.
Kevin: Okay, that's all right. Yeah, that's pretty good. It's pretty all right. Oh, yeah, because and
Kevin: I mean, yeah, I know I probably have to test it for myself to feel out exactly, but that's good
Kevin: I mean the battling looks polish right the animations are pretty nice. The hyper beam one is hilarious
Kevin: It's like nuclear explosion, but but yeah, all right. I mean people are still playing it all things considered
Kevin: So there's something there
Vincent: Yeah, it seems to be doing it bringing a lot more, you know, folks who haven't touched BVGC before into VGC, which I think it's overall probably a good thing.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. And that's definitely one of the goals. Um, you know, always
Kevin: happy to see Fiji, Steve, grow or whatever. Um, well, I can't wait for worlds to see because
Kevin: it's, you know, it's either going to be great or trash fry or possibly a little bow.
Kevin: [laughing]
Vincent: Yes, and I decided to see what the next format will be because I think I think the world format would be the whatever the next format is after this initial, you know, I need to collect the warm up season.
Vincent: Format where it's a very, very limited decks with the very limited item pool as well.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, cool the items the items is crazy limiting so many items. There's so many memes of all the items being in poco
Vincent: Yeah, that's I think that's the that's the thing that I think the limited decks I'm fine with but the limited items is still what because I don't think they've ever done that before at any of the previous you know previous formats where they limit the number of or what items you can bring.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I don't think so, but which you know might have potential but
Kevin: kind of shocking to see it at first, absolutely. Yeah, we'll see. All right, so
Kevin: that's that's champions has it has promise. Possibly the best game, Elka,
Kevin: hasn't made so far. All right, good stuff.
Vincent: Yes, I'll give them that.
Kevin: Anything else you've been with you've been looking at playing I want to talk
Vincent: No, it's, it's pretty much just been PCopia. Usually I'm a lot more well-rounded in my gaming, but
Kevin: Yeah
Vincent: recently it's just been all PCopia and a little bit of champion.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I mean a juggernaut came out. So you know, it's cool. Can we?
Kevin: What can we do oh?
Kevin: Anyway, so good. Let's stop. Oh
Kevin: From my end yeah, it's pretty much
Kevin: Poppier cloud eye-lending when we'll get to that
Kevin: I'm trying to think I did my toes back into Zenless zone zero my my my home game of choice
Kevin: Nothing to write home about really. It's fine. Oh, yeah
Kevin: Yeah, no, that's all I got. I haven't seen the mario movie. I'm sad about that, but otherwise
Kevin: And that's all
Vincent: Oh yeah, me too. I'm hoping to see it sometime this upcoming week, but we'll see.
Kevin: Oh, nice all right. Well, um, okay, so that's again
Kevin: We'll get to more pro-copio later, but with that let's just to mosey on over to our news segment now
Kevin: All right, so let's
Kevin: get into it folks, news time. Our first bit of news, let's talk about our bill stack your
Kevin: farm on top of your van for, you know, RV, whatever you want to call it, that game. Okay, so first off,
Kevin: the demo will be removed two days before release. I don't like that. That's not a good move.
Kevin: Which is close because that game's, you know, go ahead.
Vincent: Yeah, I'll say that that's the way that they would remove the demo
Vincent: Have the full launch, but they didn't I thought it was because when I first saw the headline
Vincent: I thought it was because you know, okay, it's a different version of the game that it's gonna be replaced
Vincent: But they didn't seem to specify it's gonna be replaced with a new demo
Kevin: Yeah, I don't yeah, no, it just says, um,
Kevin: Yeah, it says the demo will be taken offline on April 21st, um,
Kevin: and who prepare for our full launch in April 23rd, but that's weird that that makes it sound like
Kevin: it's a required or like they have to and necessity. I don't know how that works. Um, right?
Kevin: Cause I don't know if they were on always online game, maybe, but I don't think that's a kind of game.
Vincent: Uh, I don't think so.
Kevin: Um, so we'll, uh,
Kevin: Okay, we'll see, I guess, um, but yeah, that's kind of a bomber J pro tip for game does.
Kevin: It's probably a good idea to, to keep your demo. So people who might want to check it out,
Kevin: can check it out without, you know, having to commit whatever. Um,
Kevin: anyways, so, um, so that happens. Well, they call it the beta. Is that why, um, I don't know,
Kevin: if all the demo on the steam page went on their Kickstarter page, they called the beta.
Kevin: Um, well, I don't know if those are two separate things.
Vincent: Oh, yeah. (laughs)
Kevin: Oh, no, I'm in Claytric fun times, but, um, so that's ending. Um, but, okay, anyway, I kind of
Kevin: segued here, but yeah, all the Kickstarter stuff, the page, they've announced some other stuff.
Kevin: Um, they've got a bunch of stretch goals, you know, unlocked and bombing. Um, some stuff will
Kevin: not be at 1.0. Um, the, the fishing, um, stretch goal not be in, in 1.0. Um,
Kevin: but, um, most of the other ones will be, um, and also, they are steam deck verified.
Kevin: So yeah, that's cool. I don't have one, but for steam deck people, I bet that's cool.
Vincent: Yeah, that's a steam big verified is always good, just to give some, well, I mean, I think that's probably the baseline these days, especially for indie games. That's probably the hit steam deck verified status.
Kevin: Um, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, you're right. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. It's it's pretty rough look if you can't even hit that right
Vincent: Yeah.
Kevin: Okay, so yeah, I'm again outbound releasing April 23rd less than a month pretty close
Kevin: So look forward to that
Kevin: Speaking of things you can look forward to if you I guess if you are interested
Kevin: solar punk humming on
Kevin: June 8th
Kevin: How close we are to June now that I'm thinking about it, but
Vincent: Oh, oh, yeah.
Kevin: But excuse me
Kevin: They're gonna be out on PC for steam epic geo G
Kevin: X it's gonna be on the X-Box the PlayStation and switch to
Kevin: Yeah, this is
Kevin: There's no one where you can fly between islands and stuff
Kevin: Well, it's nice. Yeah, good for them. They're either approaching.
Kevin: Full 1.0. Yeah.
Vincent: Interestingly, the first image that I clicked on a Steam page for outbound, the first image I saw was a picture of the first person to view the player, holding an axe, and they go to a solar pump. It's the same thing.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's not just these two, but yeah, that's, that's, that's a,
Vincent: It's the first person view of a bird. Well, it's a hammer, but I'm back.
Vincent: Yes, yes, yes.
Kevin: that's a thing in college court. You know, I'm paying attention. You might see one or the other.
Kevin: Same thing for the Stardew likes, right? I'm, I've literally had, I've literally had my brother Calvin
Kevin: passed by when I was playing, I think his roots of botch. I was like, I started. It's like, no Calvin.
Kevin: I understand why you think that but no.
Kevin: Um, okay, but let's, uh, something that's probably different. Let's talk about never way. Um, so they have announced a window, not an exact date, but it's coming out October of this year, which, okay, yeah, what else, what other month would you?
Kevin: You release it in, right? Um, but, uh, so that that's exciting. We have released window. They said, however, that you can.
Kevin: uh, play the prologue, which is out now, which is cool. That's always a fun run right now, a demo per se, just a little chunk of the game out. Um, yeah, I don't know. This is, this is the good one right where it's a little. Um, we got the Celeste artist and it's also silver, very horory. Um, yeah, I don't know. I'm excited. I won't probably not play the prologue. I would just rather wait for all of it, I think.
Kevin: but it's probably one of the bigger releases.
Kevin: This is, I think, for cards of course this year, just because it stands out so much.
Vincent: Yeah, I would wait to like maybe late September to play the prologue just so you're not like,
Vincent: you know, playing the prologue in April and having to wait like a lot of, you know, a long time,
Kevin: Yeah, waiting that long.
Kevin: Yeah, or that. That's a good point. Yeah.
Vincent: probably forget about everything by the time the game comes out.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, but hey, they're, you know, they're generating hype and some people who are waiting can get right away.
Kevin: Um, okay. So that is never way.
Kevin: Man there are it's so good. Those blue eyes.
Kevin: Fantastic. Um.
Vincent: Oh yeah, art style, very good.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Next up, let's talk about research story.
Kevin: Um, okay, they are talking about a few things.
Kevin: First of all, uh, switch port confirmed.
Kevin: Um, it is approved for.
Kevin: It has been approved by Nintendo.
Kevin: They're getting, they got a dev kit and they're working on the port.
Kevin: Uh, uh, it looks like it's mostly switch one. I don't know if
Kevin: it'll come to switch to I may guess by default that is but no no no switch to
Kevin: version or whatever per se. But they're working on it. They're getting there. Um,
Kevin: they're also talking about 1.2. Um, stuff they're working on. They want to have a
Kevin: relaxed mode which looks like it just, uh, balances some stuff so it's easier. Um, and
Kevin: quality of life stuff. Um, it's, it's kind of high level stuff in a real timeline
Kevin: or anything, but they're working on it.
Kevin: So good for you research story folks, you're working on it, you're getting there.
Kevin: And you know, they're talking about other stuff in the future they might look at, but that'll be later.
Kevin: Okay. So that's research story.
Vincent: Yeah, I haven't either, but it's it's funny that the concept of a cottage cozy cottage core game having a relaxed mode like
Kevin: I haven't played it yet.
Kevin: right
Vincent: Like if you want to be even more relaxed or even more you know, not saying that you know, it's not it's a it's a hard game
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Vincent: But just the concept of a cottage core game having a relaxed mode is
Kevin: It is um, I mean I would think you know my mind would think that's just basically sandbox mode in a creative mode in Minecraft
Kevin: But I guess change the balance
Kevin: There's the opposite when Nintendo does where they they they unreal actually made the turnips harder in animal crossing like it would work
Kevin: for people
Kevin: We need more of that
Vincent: Yeah, so the roguelike mode.
Kevin: The the the stress mode. Where's the stress mode?
Kevin: Yeah, there you go. Oh, okay next up time for our
Kevin: Monthly by monthly. I didn't know that was already in the game
Kevin: I'm just kidding. I'm Disney dream like Valley
Kevin: Mispers of the wind which I could already tell you without looking enough who that is that is
Kevin: Pocahontas coming to
Kevin: Disney dream like Valley
Kevin: Let's see here. Um, that is out now already
Kevin: Yeah, we get something called Olaf Scrant exhibition toy. I didn't miss that. What is that? Let's see
Kevin: Sorry
Kevin: Step here, you know, I'll just read Olaf Scrant exhibition step in Olaf Scrant exhibition
Kevin: Special however you can showcase your collections and celebrate your achievements and launch you'll be able to explore rooms
Kevin: Dedicated the peaceful meadow and jazzle beach share flowers and dioramas fish and aquariums and companions and habitats
Kevin: On completing displays unlock decorations. You can place anyone your value and more rooms coming in feature updates all that's cool
Kevin: I love that like little community sharing
Kevin: Why I don't know if it's computed. I'm guessing can is it sounds like it
Vincent: I, yeah, sounds like it.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Um, I don't know, but showing little display rooms.
Kevin: Um, let's see what else. Um, yeah, that's what's kind of it.
Kevin: There's a lot going on. Oh, I didn't see Mico.
Kevin: This is, uh, it's going to be in, in, as part of the, the Pocahontas thing.
Kevin: That's important. That's a, that's a good question, which,
Kevin: which, which would be animal boat move buddies, right?
Kevin: Is the, the human characters in Pocahontas there, they're, uh, they're okay.
Kevin: And I'm laying at the highest tier, but, uh, Mico, Mico's all right.
Kevin: I like it. Um, yeah.
Kevin: Uh, man, I, I think that, that's roughly there's a, you know,
Kevin: handful of other stuffs, crafting improvements, um, that's cool.
Kevin: And other events, but, uh, really the big thing, Pocahontas is here.
Kevin: Um, well, when do we get sore, I can't go hard.
Vincent: >> Well, in the key supporting it, I feel like eventually they're going to, they might get to it.
Kevin: I quit. Oh, that'd be hilarious. Um, that'll never happen.
Kevin: They're going to read after.
Kevin: What is going to make it in first, um, kingdom hearts or song of the South?
Vincent: Oh. Oh.
Kevin: I'm keeping my, uh, for that, I don't know, answer to that question.
Kevin: Oh, uh, okay. Um, so let's, let's step away from deep-rooted Southern race.
Kevin: Talk about a traveler at rest, where presumably that has been added being yet.
Kevin: That traveler's rest continuing to, to hold the title of his game still not at one point.
Kevin: Oh, I guess, um, um, 0.7, 0.5, 0.0 update, um, we get the ore galore update.
Kevin: Um, and, and much like Disney drew my valley.
Kevin: I can't believe that wasn't already in the game because that feels like one of the
Kevin: basics in this type of game, but, uh, but here we are.
Kevin: Um, we get there's puzzles.
Kevin: and the might now get that's cool.
Kevin: A little nice.
Kevin: There's new tools, of course, to go with all this, uh, or stuff right now.
Kevin: You have your different levels of tools and doors and, um, and a handful of other, um, all
Kevin: the life.
Kevin: So the mine will have nine floors with a completely different aesthetic, every three floors.
Kevin: Mine won't volcanic.
Kevin: That's kind of fun with different resources and each is that I'm sure that makes sense.
Kevin: Um, uh, and there's going to be magic resources.
Kevin: So I know you're general that'll expand on that, but, uh, but that's out now right now.
Kevin: Good for you travelers rest, um, in inching your way.
Kevin: One of the slowest paces, I've seen that 1.0, uh, love, but steady, um, I really wonder how many
Kevin: people you have kept up with this because that's that's a long time to kind of string along
Kevin: with it.
Vincent: it's very difficult to play these games with yeah with such a long time between updates because you know you know you're going to burn yourself out and then come back for just a little bit of update and eventually I think you're probably just going to want to wait for a full 1.0.
Kevin: Yeah. Have you ever played a game heavily like in early access, um,
Vincent: I'm trying to think I don't think so, but I've played games that do very good really get heavy updates
Vincent: Where it's it's you know the game comes out. You're excited. You play it
Vincent: So one genre. I do play a lot is
Vincent: Grand strategy games, so which is you know, it's essentially
Vincent: Maps and spreadsheets, but those kinds of games gets a lot of updates
Vincent: over several years and that's you know at some point you just
Kevin: Sure. Yeah.
Vincent: Field burned out from the game and we'll want to step away for like you know six months a year maybe and then come back to a
Vincent: Pretty much bright almost brand new game because I've all the updates that they've done over the year that you're away
Kevin: Yeah. The kicker is when a game says they're updating, but really that was just early
Kevin: access. I'm looking at you, no man's sky. But see, no man's sky's gone all the way around.
Vincent: Oh, yes, oh yeah.
Kevin: No, they're just being absurd of their update. They had a Pokemon and no man's sky.
Vincent: Oh, yeah. Oh, that's that is, you know, if it wasn't for PCOPI, I probably would have been playing that already because it does look very interesting.
Kevin: Oh, good.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, man.
Kevin: Okay. Anyway, so yeah, that was traveler's rest. We've got on that. But you more like
Kevin: no man's sky, I've just said. Yeah, because it's super easy to do.
Kevin: But sorry. Okay. Let's let's go on the next update. Let's talk about Dinkum, or Mark Simphillik,
Kevin: the Australia game. Okay, so they have update April 23rd later this month. They may as
Kevin: released. Yeah. Anyway, say April 23rd, there's an update with the new island called the Great
Kevin: Bite. And looks like it's a new island you can travel to.
Kevin: Find a little cliffflate faces. That's kind of a cool little update if it wasn't in the game before.
Kevin: Yeah, there's a whole bunch of new features that I think called the hunters camp
Kevin: with some unifying stations. Oh, that's kind of cool with powerful endgame items
Kevin: let you hunt animals and stuff like that. There's they have what called alpha animals.
Kevin: I'm not paid attention to Dinkum, but I am absolutely believing that is what is the case.
Vincent: It's the same as Alpha Pokémon.
Kevin: They probably drop special drops for these these late game equipment and crafting things.
Kevin: But yeah, there's a whole bunch of new items and features.
Kevin: you quality of life stuff looks like um
Kevin: and wow I can't believe this game's been out of here but also getting a just general like
Kevin: when you're anniversary soon um with you can earn tickets to get different uh items and clothing
Kevin: and so on anyways yeah there's a big list check it out on the the show notes the link um that's
Kevin: dinkum for you dinkum yeah it's taking it out this long um okay oh here I let's get to the juice
Kevin: you on since it has next uh all right hold on first let's make sure we know what game we're
Vincent: - Oh yeah.
Kevin: talking about because uh as blank blank valley or blank blank island that the naming convention
Kevin: goes we are here talking about star sand island um yep in second I have to make sure that yeah that is
Kevin: the uh that's the uh the one else played I believe the the what I call it's
Kevin: stardew for weaves but it's a tiny company um anyways uh and that might you know what the Chinese
Kevin: company partner might be a little relevant to this because star sand island has been
Kevin: de-listed from steams uh why is that um because well you know let me read their message
Kevin: beer islanders comma at islander okay um due to an oversight during the planning phase
Kevin: certain core elements of expression from
Kevin: a classic title, we're using that copper or authorization within our minigame section. We sincerely apologize for this mistake to address this immediately. We have taken the following emergency measures.
Kevin: I'm not going to read all the rest of this, but to summarize one, steam has been, it's been even listed from steam, and they've already submitted a new build with the unauthorized content for review.
Kevin: A two compensation, they're providing an outfit set to the people playing. It will be free DLC within the next seven business days. Okay.
Kevin: Three data and progress, update the game, and everything should be saved and whatnot.
Kevin: And then four, internal improvement, they bomb is not to do it again. They were bad. They're very naughty children and false not to do it.
Kevin: So what's okay? No, the question is, what was the content that caused the issue and that, what are the visual islands for? Sorry, give me one second, because I didn't actually see this, what this was. I think I'll mention it, but I don't remember.
Kevin: What are they? I live from the classic title.
Vincent: I thought it was I think I saw an article about it, actually, if I look it up, I don't want to misspeak.
Kevin: Yeah, I'm looking at what is the oversight issue. Oh, gosh. Oh, okay, that would have been my guess. Go ahead.
Vincent: I think it was the Tetris thing, right? Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Tetris. Yeah. Okay. I don't know how bad it was, but yeah, if you put Tetris, you just put a bullseye on your forehead.
Kevin: Cause, uh, Tetris is fiercely different, you know, defensive of its IP. Um, so yeah, that was, uh, that wasn't oopsie. If they, they just put Tetris in there.
Kevin: you can not just put that just
Kevin: in your game. Whoo!
Vincent: Yeah, and I believe the issue was that it was literally just Tetris, so it wasn't like, you know, like, a derivative of Tetris, like, luminous or some other games over the years that's kind of like Tetris, but they're still slightly different. I think this was literally Tetris.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. There's lots of, yeah, there's lots of falling block puzzles or match puzzle
Kevin: or whatever you want to call it, but you cannot make one for blocks. Let's just say that
Kevin: hahaha. Because then you get in trouble with, uh, Tetris, Mr. Tetris. But, um, whoo,
Kevin: that's, 'cause Starsign Island is, you know,
Kevin: it feels like a fairly sizable launch and, you know, dev team, right? Like this is not a solo indie dev game.
Kevin: Um, uh, while that they did, and you know, I kind of joke because, you know, China has the history of not caring about copyright law, or let's say they have very loose copyright law in China, let's say that.
Kevin: Um, I think it's better, but nowadays, or it feels better, but, you know, it has history being a Wild West.
Kevin: So, um, just letting Tetris into the game, hmm.
Kevin: That was, uh, that was something that was a choice. Um, but, uh, I digress. Um, yeah, it is, uh, yeah,
Kevin: do you listed, uh, did they say the date when it is going to, oh, yeah. No, they just submitted it.
Kevin: Who knows when it'll be back. So, uh, CBD, but, uh, that's, that's a fun one.
Vincent: Yeah, it was I did check it was fully nuked from Steam funnily enough. You can still find the DLCs on steam
Kevin: [Laughter]
Vincent: So, you know, it's gonna have the error that says, you know, okay, you need to buy the base game to own it to play this but you can still find a DLCs
Kevin: Yeah, okay, that's that's funny. So there's still hints of its existence out there, but um, oh man
Kevin: That's wild you don't see d are
Kevin: May I I'm not the biggest team guys, so maybe I'm wrong, but I don't feel like I see steam de-listings too frequently
Kevin: Let's see that's
Vincent: Yes, like to nuke the whole Steam store page and not just, you know, disabled for purchase,
Kevin: Yeah
Vincent: that seems a bit extreme.
Kevin: Yeah, um, yeah, but you know the the citrus orbital
Kevin: Might have been aimed at them. Who knows I because I don't know how bad it was, but
Kevin: Yeah, Tetris is not one of the ones you want to mess with
Kevin: um
Kevin: Okay, so yeah
Kevin: I wish you could have outs thoughts on that because that's uh, that's wild. Uh-huh
Kevin: But all right, so I'm saying island
Kevin: The book with your internal improvement
Kevin: - Ah, wild times.
Kevin: - Okay.
Kevin: - And lastly, okay, so that's all our news updates
Kevin: and existing games.
Kevin: Let's talk about one new game.
Kevin: Let's talk about a game called Finding Eden.
Kevin: I'll read the blur from the same page.
Kevin: Whoa, a peaceful first person farming sim
Kevin: in the heart of a futuristic city,
Kevin: found your small apartment into a thriving smart garden
Kevin: where plants, hook meals, sell your harvest
Kevin: and expand your urban farm
Kevin: From a single window sill all the way
Kevin: to a rooftop paradise I was about to say how are you selling with harvest from your window sill all that's a lot
Kevin: oh but okay so let's look at the trailer here so first of all we're 3D like first person
Kevin: um the visuals are technically fairly nice the lighting's pretty good
Kevin: um it's it feels very garden galaxy like very limited space but customize whatever you want
Kevin: Um, there was a cat and orange cat and it's very cute.
Kevin: I'll say that and yes, the trailer progresses. You move from the window sill in the apartment, not just the window, so that you decorate the whole apartment.
Kevin: Um, which is nice. Um, so, but you are gardening and then, you know, it looks.
Kevin: Um, fairly involved. You use a trowel to dig the, to prepare the soil and your planter. You have plant seeds, water them. You'd have prune them. You don't see that very often in games where you have to prune your plants, but, uh, but you have that.
Kevin: that but anyways and then at some point you eventually move
Kevin: up to a greenhouse on the rooftop which is cool and there's a city looking in the back what are your thoughts on this Vincent?
Vincent: It's certainly a very interesting spin
Vincent: on the farming game genre, right?
Vincent: You know, you get a lot more limited space
Vincent: being just in an apartment
Vincent: or you know, starting off with just a balcony
Vincent: and then moving into an apartment.
Vincent: So I think that's probably why they're able to include
Vincent: some of the other aspects, like pruning, for example,
Vincent: that you don't see in other games,
Vincent: 'cause it's probably, you know, if you are farming
Vincent: in a, if you have the entire town available to you,
Vincent: for example, or a giant plot of land
Vincent: you're not going to be as focused on the many details,
Vincent: but like being in such a confined space
Vincent: is probably what gives them the opportunity
Vincent: to have those little details
Vincent: and they're able to see each individual plant
Vincent: much more close up, 'cause you know,
Vincent: there's not much space to move around.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, that's a good point I can consider that because yeah, it's it's a very confined space relatively
Kevin: So yeah, you're zooming in on these details. You're right. That's like that's a good point
Kevin: Why you can probably focus on little stuff like that?
Kevin: Yeah, I kind of like it overall. I think it's
Kevin: Like it like you said, right? This is so the the Stardew harvestman fantasy is
Kevin: go away from the city and just move to the far
Kevin: right but you know the there is a situation where what if you're still in
Kevin: the city right hey here's how you can get you know get your cottage
Kevin: core fixer or whatever right at that get at greenery to the space which I think is
Vincent: Yeah
Kevin: cool because it's a scenario for sure that the people the
Vincent: Yeah, not not everybody has a rich relative that will die and leave their entire plot of dilapidated land to you
Kevin: I don't know. I just realized I don't have one of the. No. Now I need to play tiny eating.
Vincent: Well, there you go now now you can
Kevin: You'll learn how to get a green space going. Anyway, so that's coming Q3 of 2026. That is close.
Kevin: That's a realistic sounding date. That's exciting. I'm always excited when there's, you know,
Kevin: - No, not a question, Mark, date.
Kevin: - Um.
Kevin: - Yeah, very cute little game.
Kevin: Um, this one does feel peaceful for, right?
Kevin: You know, the other thing, I'm gonna complain.
Kevin: They say futuristic city.
Kevin: That just looks like a city to me.
Kevin: I know what they're talking about.
Kevin: Unless, unless they add that.
Kevin: And all of a sudden the alien show up.
Kevin: But anyways, um, I digress.
Vincent: Now the question is, is this only going to be one apartment type, or is it different, you know,
Vincent: are you able to mess around or play around with the layout of the apartment as well?
Kevin: Mmm, that you know what that's your DLC that's what that is
Vincent: Yeah. Oh yeah.
Kevin: But we'll see that's a good question. We'll be because we've got at least two spaces the apartment in the greenhouse
Kevin: So I wonder if there's gonna be anything else. Oh boy. Yeah, there's room. There is room to grow
Vincent: Yeah, and they explicitly say smart garden, which I don't know what that exactly
Kevin: That's their tagline
Vincent: What a smart garden exactly means. This is just mean, you know, you're growing
Vincent: Vegetables in all limited space or their other aspects to it that makes it a smart garden
Kevin: there I wonder because that that's a real thing like there's certain like automatic
Kevin: waterers and stuff like that so I wonder if that's gonna be incorporated and I use AI to
Kevin: grow my gardening I'm just kidding we'll see yeah yeah that's what I'm thinking I
Vincent: if it has all the automation and at the al will be all over this.
Kevin: think the automation will be like smart devices like as an automatic water or
Kevin: maybe timers just to prune like we'll see with a futuristic be a robot
Kevin: buddy who prunes your plants maybe I don't see them in the trailer but we'll
Kevin: see yeah it could be it's the cat wait the cat from stream is not a robot but
Vincent: or the cat could be a robot you never know.
Kevin: um but uh maybe maybe it's oh sock socks from the light year movie that's
Kevin: ready yeah I watched the light year movie so you know it socks was the best part of
Vincent: Oh. (laughs)
Kevin: that movie let's just say that
Kevin: that's that my review of light year I like socks okay so yeah that's 2026
Vincent: Yes, sir.
Kevin: the Q3 specifically they've said right now okay let's that's the news that's our
Kevin: updates that's all our stuffs so with that let us dive on in once again into
Kevin: the wonderful world that is oh copia okay who indeed um okay
Kevin: so let's all right first of all Vincent you use your first time on do you want
Kevin: and anything to talk about pakopia you can do me like any thoughts you just
Kevin: anything you want to say um that you feel may not be covered or whatever go ahead
Vincent: Well, overall, I think I've agreed with most of the stuff that's been covered so far, you know, a great game, great
Vincent: storyline
Vincent: The one area that I've been putting probably putting more thought that I need to is the whole lore aspect of it. Like you know, what what how do we get here?
Kevin: [laughs]
Vincent: Especially with it. Okay, you know, what which Pokemon remembers what what all the legendaries involved like
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Vincent: How the how the volcano and get to where he is now we get Kayo Gerber, but no ground on no, uh, request a and especially because we know that weather is is a big thing that's sort of messed up the world. Does that have anything to do with it?
Kevin: You know what these are good questions right because we a lot of Pokemon have genuine influence on the environment and the world stay right like is a road on and cayoga.
Kevin: I agree with sleeping. They grow it on go, they could advantage it or is grab on gone and just because both of them are gone. You know, zap our white nonsense happened. Where is Zygarde? That's literally his job to protect the environment.
Vincent: Yes!
Kevin: So on and so forth. I know it's not.
Kevin: But you get my point like yeah, there's stuff like that. Yeah, you're right. What's a good volcano. Get over here. That's a good question. That's a really far walk that involves
Vincent: Well, Volcano is not too, but he's there.
Vincent: And also, Kio Gerst, that's not his region, too, but he's there.
Kevin: Yeah, but you know the oceans you can swim. Make it.
Vincent: Oh, that's fair. Okay.
Kevin: But but yeah, how did we locate any on the okay, can't do the birds are there and take Jota Jota's you know, and that literally next door. They they can make
Kevin: Pretty fast on foot and if we put it. Um, but yeah, no, how do canion show up there. That's a good question. Um, but you're right. That that is interesting to think about all these legendaries that didn't get caught up in this and they're in the in the PC and they're out there like what's going on. Where's Arcius?
Kevin: Like, you know, if any Pokemon probably could have a say in this, it would be Arcius, right?
Vincent: - Yeah, and if, well, I'm assuming this is,
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, and now it's all free.
Vincent: you know, spoilers on a table, right?
Vincent: But I assume if the solution was to go to space
Vincent: at every other region is in as a bad of a shape,
Vincent: as a can zone, 'cause otherwise you would have just
Vincent: gone to a different region.
Kevin: Yeah, that is my assumption.
Kevin: And opens the door for sequels and other agents.
Kevin: But, I'm important to the lore here.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I agree.
Kevin: Space is a very extreme option.
Kevin: So I agree, like things that have to be bad.
Kevin: Yeah, so, you raise excellent points.
Kevin: Where are all these other Pokemon?
Kevin: Where?
Kevin: Well, see, you know what?
Kevin: - I wanna know.
Kevin: - I wanna see the epilogue where the human trying to get back,
Kevin: but they run into deoxes and so on.
Vincent: So, that's actually my headcat and is that, so we see Kyogur, we don't see Girl.Well, at this, I haven't seen
Vincent: Girl, I assume he's not in the game, unless there's like some super secret thing that nobody's
Vincent: unlocked yet.
Kevin: as far as I know.
Vincent: So my headcat and is that what, what, what, re-crazes that when it's supposed to keep both
Vincent: rather than Kyogur, you check right. But, if you measure the access, what if...
Vincent: This is the world where re-quaza goes out, mega-requaza goes out to fight the
Vincent: access, as like the head towards the end of what was it? Omega Ruby Alpha Sapphire, right?
Vincent: The, the episode, what if the access beats re-quaza and now the re-quaza is not around and
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, this is the timeline where they failed.
Vincent: you go out on Kyogur, it's like the, you know, the, the hero loses timeline being in Zelda, where
Vincent: for everything's in-direction.
Kevin: Yeah. Oh, that's good. Oh, this is, oh, this is.
Vincent: Because I was thinking, yeah, because I was thinking, like I said, some of the regions,
Vincent: especially if one region has no rain, one region is super dark, volcano explodes in another region.
Vincent: And then, you know, upheaval in a region, those are all very, you could connect both of that,
Vincent: maybe at all of them, but most of them to ground on.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. I like this. So I mean the tectonic
Vincent: Okay, there's no rain, drought.
Vincent: volcano, ground on.
Vincent: A peavel ground. So, what if this is a world where ground on corner quote one,
Vincent: a cowgirl went to sleep, and everything bad happens was because
Vincent: re-crazy wasn't there to keep ground on and check.
Kevin: being like the absurd levels that
Kevin: would just destroy everything around it, like it makes sense of thing and
Kevin: ground on it would be a guy for that for tectonic nonsense. Maybe let's find that I was
Kevin: ground unresponsible for all this or you know who knows was was was was mauslax trying to
Vincent: [laughing]
Kevin: fight ground on trying to stop him. Is that the head cannon? I need this hidden
Kevin: Oh, that's good stuff. I like that. That's good.
Kevin: I'm glad you liked it overall. These are fun observations. Let's talk about multiplayer
Kevin: now. The new game plus I would argue. First of all, for people who haven't tried it, there
Vincent: Yes, the true end game.
Kevin: are actually two types of multi.
Kevin: I've only tried one so far actually because as I are correct me if I'm wrong, but you can actually visit a person's single player world.
Vincent: >> Yes, you can. So I have tried that with L.
Vincent: Yeah, we were actually I went to his single player.
Vincent: So not the Cloud Island is
Vincent: actual single player world.
Kevin: Yeah, is it just pallet ton or can you go to any area?
Vincent: So we only played for a little bit. He brought me into his pallet town. I tried to leave, you know,
Vincent: through the bridge and it wouldn't let me. So it's it says I have to wait for the host.
Vincent: So I assume you're able to go to other areas as well if the host goes with you.
Kevin: Okay, okay. Yeah, that would be if that was the message. That would be my waiter as you could easily see how they just sit out multiplayer
Kevin: Just in pal damn, but that's very cool that they open it to the other areas then
Kevin: um
Kevin: Okay, that that's cool and and can you just?
Kevin: Since you were the visitor can you interact with everything just like you would normally?
Vincent: Yes, so I believe there's a setting when you're setting it up to allow other people to do, if, you know, your visitors to able to do stuff.
Vincent: So, yeah, so as long as the settings was in place by the house, you're able to interact with everything.
Vincent: And also, I was able to run around his pal town. I talked to Pokemon that I do not have in my decks and was able to register them in my decks as seen, you know, not, I guess, it's not caught, but like not as a friend.
Kevin: Yeah
Vincent: And then if you find a habitat that you don't have registered yet, you can register that as well, which I think it's similar in as the cloud islands.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I'll get yeah, I was gonna get to the end second okay, but I believe let's talk about now. I guess oh yeah, so okay
Vincent: Well one one thing though in the and I don't know if you've seen this, but I haven't seen this in Cloud Islands is that
Vincent: when I visited Al
Vincent: Island when I looked in the well, okay, first of all, it's it's similar to when you're visiting the Cloud Island, right?
Vincent: You don't have any inventory. It's like a your brand new character in that world
Vincent: When I looked in his PC
Vincent: I
Vincent: Was able to buy items, but the items you buy get sent to your
Vincent: or you can buy items and have it sent to your main game
Kevin: What?
Kevin: Well, that's really cool.
Vincent: Yeah, so so I I think I wanted it so I had I don't have a luxury couch for example or luxury sofa
Vincent: I went to this PC. I saw the luxury sofa. I tried to buy it
Vincent: It says oh, do you want to send it to your your game and I hit
Vincent: Yes, and then you know later on. I was able to retrieve it in the same
Vincent: It's in the same menu as the mystery gift
Vincent: you're able to retrieve the items that you bought.
Vincent: From other people's islands, which I don't think you can do with cloud islands.
Kevin: No, cuz quada is completely sealed environment. Um, that's fascinating. Pang you
Vincent: Yeah. That was one. Yeah. Oh, go ahead.
Kevin: No, no, I was just curious. Can you go to his storage chest, nab something and take it home with you or when do you leave?
Kevin: Does it just like what happens to all your stuff?
Vincent: So when you leave it's the same thing as cloud islands where it's going to say it's deposited in the PC
Kevin: Okay
Vincent: So it's only only
Kevin: Okay, so
Vincent: Buying from that specific menu in the PC. It's like it's like a catalog
Kevin: Mm-hmm, okay
Vincent: It's sort of like the catalog and animal crossing where you like you don't get it right away
Kevin: Yeah
Vincent: It says it's gonna mail it to you
Kevin: It made it to you. Yeah, okay
Vincent: Yeah, that was one difference and the other difference is on his PC and the
Vincent: challenges or the mission section, there was a new thing
Vincent: called Group Missions or Group Challenges. And I don't think that's available in Cloud
Kevin: Ooooh, that's cool.
Vincent: Islands because I've been on Cloud Islands with other people and that does not show up. So it
Kevin: No.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, I haven't seen that.
Vincent: shows up, it's a group challenges. It was like, so it gave us three challenges. And we were, it was pretty
Vincent: It was like collect five sticks, cook five items and I think
Vincent: what was the last one like talk to five Pokemon or something but it was very simple you know we
Vincent: knocked it out in like five minutes mostly out because you know I didn't have any items and
Vincent: obviously I couldn't cook anything and do all that but they rewarded it was like I think overall we got
Vincent: like between the three missions was like over two thousand coins each it was like six
Kevin: Holy moly! Wow!
Vincent: seven fifty or something 750 coins per challenge and everybody gets it so I think how so how it
Vincent: worked was so once we completed all three I went to the PC he claimed the the reward so he got
Vincent: his coins and then when I logged onto the PC immediately popped up and says oh congratulations you
Vincent: completed the group challenge here's our coins
Kevin: Wow, that's pretty cool. That's a huge amount of coins to like you use Ben, yeah
Vincent: I know cuz that's it's a it's a scarce resource in for Gopia
Kevin: Yeah, um, wow, that's pretty crazy. I had no idea
Kevin: That's very cool
Kevin: It's it's cool that you can show up to your friends of course all the stuff you've done and you know play around and interact and all that stuff
Kevin: And and it's not the blank slate so everything's kind of established or set up or you know the long
Kevin: More to work off of um, that's so cool. Um, I'm gonna you know, oh, you know what? Let me let me back up a second just to the the polka decks and habitats that that
Kevin: So what's cool about the multiplayer is that it's this whole extra basically set of resources for you
Kevin: um, or for you know for you and your friends because
Kevin: You can see each other's PCs. There's the different daily recipes. You can buy different recipes every day
Kevin: Um, and as you said,
Kevin: You can encounter other Pokemon and and something that doesn't happen in single player you get the the scene status where like they're kind of a silly set of a black silhouette they're kind of like great out or transparent in the in the polka decks so you know what the Pokemon is and you get an idea of how to get them and yeah, being able to register other habitats already established just to make it faster for you all very cool.
Kevin: Good incentive to play multiplayer in general I'm against all available in thud island to work.
Kevin: You know, the more people you see the more recipes you can get per day, the more habitats and Pokemon you can register, um, I think very, very smartly done, very cool.
Kevin: Yeah, and and this like regular multiplayer in the town sounds pretty cool all that stuff's fascinating, especially these group missions with what a good incentive because I mean, you only like on of or you know the drawback of the regular multiplayer, you have to play at the same time, right.
Kevin: As says what other situations because cloud islands are a synchronous, you just have to open it up and then anyone come in whenever.
Vincent: Yes
Kevin: So let's let's let's switch gears to that the cloud islands.
Kevin: So yeah, everyone okay first of all, everyone gets a cloud island and each safe file you can open you get a cloud island, you can open it up and get a code and you share with your friends and they can come whenever.
Kevin: It's a four people once, but if I understand it correctly, you can have more than four people come overall just you know at different times or whatever, which is pretty like blows my mind that's so much that they're giving you so much content.
Kevin: The there's also the virtual islands like the the ones that the company actually not let me back up.
Kevin: Okay, so yeah, so that's quite, I was just how they worked there.
Kevin: Asynchronous and what's cool about Cloud Islands, they are RNG, like what they look like is different every single time everyone gets a different one.
Kevin: And so that that makes an interesting flavor, right? Because everyone's map is now different, right? When you go visit each other, you know, you know, a bleak beach looks like you know what withered wasteland looks like and you know, you can see what they've done to it or whatever, but it's still familiar ground.
Kevin: The Cloud Island brand spaking you not even like pallet sound like
Kevin: just totally new, never before seen island. And so I think that adds a lot of
Kevin: like enjoyment and going to other islands to see what they're like and what it
Kevin: looks like. It's such a different environment every time. And as you mentioned, you
Kevin: can change the settings to where you can make your Cloud Island basically a
Kevin: museum where people can go and just watch but not interact with anything. I think
Kevin: I don't know. You know, some of the ones you see out on the internet, I think they're
Kevin: like that where they give out the code but just a virtual island so you can go
Kevin: look and see. It's like overall like just the general that would
Kevin: start how is XK the design. I think it's just fantastic. I know I gosh about
Kevin: the copia but like seriously, there's so many ways they could have done this not
Kevin: is good. I've
Kevin: early on I remember one of my complaints about piquopi I was like, oh, I'm
Kevin: praying quest builders, you could go to the, be cool in the dream islands and you
Kevin: could see little builds by other people. And I felt like piquopi didn't have that
Kevin: what I hadn't tried multiplayer before that. And now that that's just all in
Kevin: multiplayer. Instead of little builds, just go visit everyone's cloud island, which is so cool.
Kevin: So props to a megaphor for building it out like that.
Vincent: Oh yeah, a lot of my complaints from the early game was I could, okay, I wish I had a
Vincent: blank slate, I wish it was all all the areas, it wasn't just the one regions that have to jump around
Vincent: different areas, you know, all of that, everything gets addressed in cloud islands.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, um, I guess do you have yeah, you're right
Kevin: Let's see here. I mean, do you have any other general thoughts on clad alans because you know it gets very kind of open-ended topic here
Kevin: So I'm kind of spewed off myself. What about you? Do you have other general thoughts? You want to bring up or something?
Vincent: Well, I think first first of all, agritic. It's done very well. It's it's so seamless in terms of joining
Vincent: You know, you don't have to sit up. There's no loading screens for example when somebody joins your your session in the cloud island
Kevin: Oh, it's so good, it's seamless.
Vincent: Yeah, I just they're just gonna pop up says, you know, okay like for example Kevin's joining your island or or whatnot, you know
Vincent: unlike some other
Vincent: multiplayer island-based games that were
Vincent: all played in the past where you have to sit through a loading screen whenever somebody joins that that was just
Kevin: Oh, would you be referring to the article of someone trying to get 12 people on their
Kevin: animal crossing island and it took like six hours or whatever?
Vincent: Yes, if the next animal crossing still has loading screens like that,
Vincent: then there's no reason that, you know,
Vincent: hook up your saw that problem already.
Kevin: Yeah
Vincent: So that it, oh, oh, oh, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, this it
Kevin: You didn't you're you're not the host so maybe you don't know but I wonder is it the same thing when somebody goes to visit your town like regular multiplayer
Kevin: I wonder if it's the same thing or is there a loading screen there. I wonder. I don't know
Vincent: uh no because I've been as a as a guest in other or both I had where I was the host and I was the
Vincent: guest on island of somebody joins and it's it's seamless it just you know the only thing was like
Kevin: Hmm. Oh, that's...
Vincent: let's say you're the first one on an island and somebody else comes and then you know let's say
Vincent: two other people come and you're gonna be in a quote-unquote party now so when you are the first one
Vincent: to coming, you're also the first one.
Vincent: I believe it's going to ask you, "A, do you want to dis-band the party or do you want to assign
Vincent: someone else as the host?"
Vincent: Which I'm so not sure what that does, but I've always just hit this band, the party, because otherwise
Vincent: if you say, "Assign someone else as the host," then they get notifications and say, "Oh, do you
Vincent: want to be the host?"
Vincent: And I don't know what all that does, I'm not fully tested it out, but there is some
Vincent: Fucking as with that, but you know, all these considered it's very seamless.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. Oh, it's so good. Um, like again, like this is just like a technical thing, right?
Kevin: Like I wish multiplayer games could do it this well. Like Animal Crossing is the bar or the biggest comparison point and
Kevin: multiplayer is pretty painful and I'm crossing, um, you know, varies by entry or whatever, but you know, if there's a disconnect
Kevin: There's a chance it'll just crash the entire game for both parties. Everything gets lost
Kevin: Um, so yeah, it's, it's wild to see they were the copy of pulled this off and, and we're crossing still
Kevin: struggling. Like I said, the other week, Animal Crossing, I'm sure the devs team or Nintendo, they're
Kevin: taking notes like they have to, but copy is just too big not to pay attention to. Um, yeah. Um, okay, so go ahead.
Vincent: Oh, yeah. I hope they are. Yeah. Well, I'm going to say something. You know, other, other
Vincent: general thoughts is, I think, definitely as a blank slate, the cloud islands is a lot better than
Vincent: Pallet Town. You know, because just because it's a pure, it's a completely blank state. You
Vincent: don't have to worry about, oh, my items are in a different island. You have to run back and
Vincent: and get it, it's all just one seamless world where you get all that
Kevin: Yeah
Vincent: environments in it. [laughs]
Kevin: Yeah, and even though it's a blank slate. Allot town is still a
Kevin: Set map like everyone has the same palette town when you enter it
Kevin: So there's certain features that are built in and you know, we will likely build off of or whatever
Kevin: But but you're right cloud island being completely random
Kevin: Ganges that on well you know what let's let's talk about that like
Kevin: experience of Cloud Island just starting a new Cloud Island right because you spawn in front of the the broken down Pokemon Center as you always do and yeah there's basically nothing you have your abilities you know your transformations they have up to that point or whatever but you have to just start kind of find your resource because there's no Pokemon there's no even in pallet town you know EVs there to greet you.
Kevin: in on your caught island there is
Kevin: the way you are in the next one.
Kevin: I will look for a body of water somewhere.
Vincent: Yeah.
Kevin: So in part of it is like the order of Pokemon like you meet is wildly different because again in the single-player areas a lot of its kind of built in such a way to nudge you to get certain Pokemon certain points or you just naturally encounter them when you find environments or whatever.
Kevin: But here your pokodex is all over the place as you just start encountering and generating random environments and stuff like that.
Kevin: So let's talk about Pokemon because.
Kevin: From what I understand, the whole Pokedex is available on flat island.
Kevin: Obviously.
Vincent: Well, that that's my understanding as well.
Kevin: Yeah.
Vincent: Well, with some, I guess there's some exceptions that I'm not 100% sure of.
Vincent: And I think the biggest thing that I'm not sure of yet is,
Vincent: and I don't know if you've probably seen it as well, is that I've encountered some,
Vincent: or some of the named NPCs appear on the Cloud Island,
Vincent: but there's others that I haven't see, I've encountered the--
Vincent: a corner called generic version of them.
Kevin: Yeah, so yeah, well, first of all like
Kevin: Single player. Yeah at some point you can unlock habitats like oh, this is how you the habitat for pukichu or you know the
Kevin: End-named NPCs and at first I was like huh, that's kind of weird
Kevin: I guess you want to build them a place to live if you haven't done that already, I guess
Kevin: Well, I think most of us would have already done that by that point, but anyways, but then when you get to cloud islands
Kevin: Like oh, this is why they have a habitat so you can summon them because yes, you can summon all the names NPCs as far as I know
Kevin: All the named NPC show up on the example that you had written down is is Professor Tengrove
Kevin: I but he has a habitat
Kevin: They requires a special item and I think you can probably unlock that from the PC
Kevin: but
Kevin: From what I understand he is still so you're able to move him into the cloud island and it and here's the thing
Vincent: - Oh, okay.
Kevin: Relics you have to get them evaluated somehow
Vincent: Well, you can, so I was stuck on that too
Vincent: 'cause I had a ton of relics,
Vincent: but you can get them evaluated on the PC
Vincent: where you just video chat.
Kevin: and I didn't.
Vincent: Yeah, so you will,
Vincent: I guess you'll zoom chat or video chat.
Vincent: [laughing]
Kevin: Really?
Vincent: Professor Scott Brown.
Kevin: Huh?
Vincent: - Yeah, yeah 'cause for the longest time,
Kevin: I had no idea.
Vincent: I had like a whole stack of,
Vincent: the artifacts, I was like,
Vincent: okay, I guess these are useless 'cause,
Vincent: 'cause I got regular tan growth,
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, haha. Oh. Oh, that's. Yeah. Well, they're not in the game. I don't think
Vincent: but I don't have Professor Tan growth.
Vincent: And that's also what makes me think
Vincent: that Professor Tan growth may not
Vincent: be available to Cloud Island,
Vincent: 'cause you can get smear guru and tic master, for example,
Vincent: but you can't get regular smear goal
Vincent: and regular tic aton.
Kevin: right. Um, yeah. Yeah, it is. Well, that's interesting. Um, I'll have to see.
Vincent: Yeah, but regular tan growth is,
Kevin: Because I would be kind of, I guess kind of poetic, but kind of strains at Professor
Kevin: Tengra be the only one that doesn't show up. Even coyoga will show up on the Cloud Island.
Kevin: I literally have that happen for the first time today. Um, he'll show up and you can
Vincent: Oh yeah, me too. Yeah, we're there.
Kevin: run through the deck, the decks. Um, so it will be interesting. We'll have to confirm Professor
Kevin: Tengra, but, um, but it, yeah, it's, it's so cool though that you can summon, you know, obviously
Kevin: you want to summon that, like, smear guru. You need somebody to paint.
Kevin: You need them. Chef Dente, when you're cooking all those steaks, you won't shift
Kevin: into double it, right? Tink master. You literally need the tink gears to build the, you know,
Kevin: certain machinery. They're pretty important. So yeah, I'm curious if Tengarth can show up. But yeah,
Kevin: that's, it's such a great system. And again, you're just building these habitats wherever,
Kevin: like it's, it's such a different experience. Um.
Vincent: Yeah, and you can bring them all over, you can move them all around.
Vincent: You can build random buildings wherever you don't have to worry about,
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Vincent: which I mean, you can as well in the regular single-player experience, but you don't have to worry about,
Vincent: well, I don't know. That's for me, whenever I say like a half-built building, I just,
Vincent: I feel the urge to complete it instead of tearing it down, whereas here you don't have to worry about that.
Kevin: Yeah, no, nothing to complete. Yeah, absolutely. I have the same issue. I like I see the buildings in the way. So I want to fix them up. Nothing to do that here. Literally.
Kevin: And even the generation of the terrain, like it's largely very flat with a couple of mountains spread out.
Kevin: But like there's no, like clear features, like maybe like a lake or a pond or something, but, you know, there's no way.
Kevin: There's nothing that immediately will make me say, Oh, here's obviously where I'm going to place this thing. You have to really kind of get creative and think about what you want to do or plan it out.
Kevin: The only thing I like my only complaint with cloud islands is that caves don't spawn naturally. Yeah, you have to dig them out yourself. I kind of started working out. It's very hard to dig out.
Vincent: Oh yes.
Kevin: I mean, you know, a subway system already alone is a big deal with you and I'll have
Kevin: kind of started looking into but that's it's a tremendous amount of work. I'm trying to get
Kevin: Baltimore because Baltimore has the explosion ability which could probably help make a cave.
Vincent: Oh, that's a good one.
Kevin: Yeah, because you can launch out of a cannon. It'll just blow up whatever it lands on so I'm trying to get to
Kevin: that. Stay tuned to see how poorly that goes listeners.
Vincent: Oh, yeah, because yeah, because that's a good idea because I this wouldn't when I try to build out my environment. I try to make it look as natural as possible as well, which it's pretty hard to you're right. It's very hard to manually puts together a cave that looks like it's a natural cave, not just like you just, you know, don't straight through.
Kevin: Right
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, because it's hard because yeah, that's that's just how the mechanic works right like even use gravel earth
Kevin: It's a two by two, you know, thing you're doing it
Kevin: So you're just doing a straight line or whatever so you know getting all those little random jags and stuff like that. It's it's it's very difficult
Kevin: So you know vault or I think is the thing
Kevin: But it would still would have been nice if some caves had just naturally generated because there's a lot of environments based on caves
Kevin: you know, and Pokemon, like to just feel more and home in the cave.
Kevin: Um, so that's the just point.
Vincent: Oh yeah, I spent so long looking combing through the island looking for caves and I was sad when I realized oh there's none.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, excuse me. Um, let's see what one cool thing, like I said, the new game plus, um, having all your abilities at the start, right? Like that's such a different experience because there's not much holding you back.
Kevin: If anything, the the resources may be, but you have magnum, I'd say you can start gathering whatever you want right away.
Kevin: And you can build wherever you want things to magnum might. Um, you know, assuming you have when you come, which I, I guess I recommend for everyone to beat the game first so you can come in. Um, just with everything at once. Um, oh, one of the, I think best things that cloud islands did that I wouldn't have blamed them if they didn't, but at the same time, I guess you kind of have to.
Kevin: Three violence, you can still visit dream islands. Um, on cloud islands and not only can you visit.
Vincent: Oh, yes.
Kevin: It's a different dream island from your main island. So you, you, again, it's completely sealed. Nothing you get on cloud island. You can bring over or whatever. So, but, um, it makes a lot of sense because that's how you gather resources, right? There's only so many stones. You're going to be able to get off your clown island. So, you know, stuff like that or clay or iron or whatever. Um, so being and they give them to you pretty much right away because, uh, you can buy the dolls right out of the PC and you can just summon driflune.
Kevin: Um, so, and it's just why it's even technically, right? You can have the party on your cloud island and then you can all go to the dream island together and come back and it just all, it all just works. It's so wild to me how, how big and expansive all this is. It's literally just like a second game in here.
Vincent: Yeah, and you have access to all of them at once.
Vincent: So, you know, and when magnum might,
Vincent: 'cause I think I ran into that issue where like,
Vincent: image it there was like,
Vincent: "Oh, I have access to the Dragonite Dream Island,
Vincent: so I can go get Pokemon right away."
Vincent: And then I realized,
Vincent: "Oh, but I don't have a way to cook burgers
Vincent: that I remembered, oh, there's magnumite."
Kevin: Yeah, exactly right. Yeah, that's kind of like a yeah, absolutely. That's probably like the biggest thing that you run into or you realize like oh there's a challenge right. How do you how do you get burgers?
Kevin: Because yeah, you don't have any crops either that's one. That's probably the hardest thing. There is a little bit of RNG
Kevin: Especially for the plants the berries stuff like that. You're gonna get them from Pokemon or you can still use the
Kevin: Service Center posture or metal, but you can do that, but there's a few things that yeah that take a little effort to trickle in
Kevin: But it's it's still all doable especially again with magnumite because you can mine right away with magnumite. You're right. Um, but yeah, that's uh, it's fantastic. Um, you have any other thoughts nitpicks or planes or anything else?
Vincent: uh I it's all one of the best my favorite things about Cloud Island is that you essentially get
Vincent: infinite uh pp because you can just quit and come back in and you're you're fully stuffed again.
Kevin: Yeah, it's wild that they they do that
Kevin: And it works both ways when you leave the cloud island you go back to your main island your your your pp the stored
Kevin: And you can just go back and forth and just just get infinite
Kevin: Energy basically if you want to wait, you know a minute between the loading screens or whatever
Vincent: Yeah, which works wonders, especially when you're just starting out, you know, you don't,
Vincent: you don't have a lot of buried, you don't have like a stacks of hundreds of berries in your
Kevin: Yeah
Vincent: inventory. It's a begin with and you need to do a lot of, or use up a lot of PPE, just, you know,
Vincent: if you're patient, then just just hedge your cloud island or quit and come back in.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. It's wild. It's, it's, it's fantastic. Even if you have like the, the rock smash power up, it'll, it'll still restore that bar to it's insane.
Vincent: Oh, yeah. Yeah. And I think I think I believe how it works and I'm at 100 percent ship. I think
Vincent: how blue works is because on my main island, I just power myself up to the Mac or with everything
Vincent: with all kinds of foods. And then once, yeah, once I get, once I go to the cloud island,
Vincent: I'll get those power ups. And if I run out of the power up runs out, I just quit and come back in
Vincent: and they get a full power-ups again.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, it's fantastic. Um, I'm trying to think in general, like, uh, yeah, no, I mean,
Kevin: all that's great, like, and it's so personal because again, each, uh, island is different
Kevin: and how you approach it. It's kind of up to you, right? Um, again, no real guide posts or nudging
Kevin: along. So it feels like every cloud island is going to be different.
Kevin: I mean, even the ones, like I visited Al's island, you've come to mind.
Kevin: I've been working with her friend Mark. You can see they're just wildly different
Kevin: in how we've reproach things. And it's such a cool, cool thing.
Kevin: Like, this is probably where those, well, that and I might have joined me,
Kevin: just tearing down the wastelands. But, you know, those people be living those huge
Kevin: builds. Like, this is where you can probably do it easily. There's enough space.
Kevin: I'm going to take some work to build up the resources.
Vincent: Oh yeah.
Kevin: But it's so good.
Kevin: This really, while it's down is a nice offering,
Kevin: or whatever, but this, Cloud Island,
Kevin: this is what you think Pallet Town should be.
Kevin: And any kind it is.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: It's just total, total freedom, total new game.
Kevin: Just all for you, really.
Vincent: Yeah, yes. And I think another great thing about is that it's has a separate set of or each each cloud island has a separate set of a separate store as well.
Vincent: So, you know, if you let's say you can you have your own single-player islands or single-player store, then you go to your cloud island, if a friend's access to their cloud and it's a go there, then you have a hole.
Vincent: opens up the possible
Vincent: potential recipes we get per day.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, if you're that you're that slick if you're that dedicated just find all
Kevin: Find a bunch of hodes online and just go get your your
Kevin: However many recipes you can each day
Vincent: Oh, oh, I don't even think about that. Yeah, you can just find codes online too.
Kevin: Yeah, I'm sure there's a Reddit for that I am sure there's a Reddit for it. Yeah, man. It's it's the best
Kevin: Like I'll probably share it in the slack. I haven't
Kevin: done it yet, but you know that over on the slack so I should probably put the
Kevin: code so she can come by. And again like Leah Sankran is a synchronous
Kevin: nature of it that you can just open and nay go check it out. It's so cool. Oh it's the
Kevin: best. I love cloud islands so much. Yeah I can't side from no caves. I don't have any
Kevin: issues or complaints I don't think.
Vincent: Yeah, the only one nitpick I do I do have is that you need to be online
Vincent: To play the cloud island
Kevin: Mmm. Yeah, that would be
Vincent: Which also means that if you're playing on cloud, let's say you forget that during the cloud island just hit just let your switch go to sleep or you hit the sleep button
Kevin: sleep mode, you lose your progress, see up happens, happens to everyone, cuz if we all do it.
Vincent: That that would be my one
Vincent: But it's not even in the context, it's a very specific thing.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I get it would be nice to just have your RNG island for yourself, but yeah, no, that's that's that's that's a fair one. Oh, but
Vincent: Yeah, I guess the only thing would be if they give you like if they give you an offline cloud island like a offline
Vincent: Black slate that you know, let's say you can't share it, but it's it's just for you all that that would be
Kevin: - Yeah, pallet town, but just RNG, that's what we knew.
Vincent: Yeah
Kevin: Well, and the resources thing.
Kevin: I guess it's a few different things.
Kevin: But at least play on your cloud Island offline.
Kevin: I feel like that could be a, no,
Kevin: but then the syncing thing is probably a problem.
Kevin: If your friends can't visit that,
Kevin: probably why they can't work.
Vincent: - Oh, yeah, that's fair.
Kevin: - Ah, yeah.
Kevin: Well, one day maybe we'll get it anyways.
Kevin: Like 'cause yeah, just starting all by yourself
Kevin: with RNG map and no resources.
Kevin: The fun little challenge of sorts
Kevin: or different way to play.
Kevin: Yeah, it would be nice to have that
Kevin: just always available.
Kevin: But either way, I'm not complaining too hard.
Kevin: It's still fantastic.
Kevin: Yeah, great, great stuff.
Kevin: Anything else you can think of
Kevin: or you wanna bring up?
Vincent: I think that's it. That's all of my thoughts on Cloud Island.
Vincent: Well, other random annoying thing is whenever you try to join a Cloud Island,
Vincent: sometimes one of your random Pokemon will just want to tag along and I've never
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, it was the first time you can't see duplicate the Pokemon you're right. I've had a few of them come with me
Vincent: brought them along because I'm scared that I'm going to lose them or something or they'll get
Vincent: lost, or I'll get confused like a wire there to chances in here, for example, or
Vincent: something. Yeah.
Kevin: For the most part, they're just hanging out with me, but I think if you bring a fire Pokemon for instance
Kevin: I think you can make them have to have the make bricks for you or something. I think
Kevin: I haven't tried it, but I think I read it you can use their abilities to some extent
Vincent: Oh, extra labor. Oh.
Kevin: Yeah, there you go
Kevin: Down to the to the mind to the furnace mind you go score bunny join the other score bunny down there
Vincent: Oh, actually I didn't think of that. Actually, that's good. That's a good, let's say you don't have
Vincent: I don't know. Let's say you don't have enough gat or poke them on or construction or bulldozer or whatever
Kevin: No. Yeah. There you go. Um, smear guru, if you haven't found it in the Cloud Island. There you go.
Vincent: poke them on just and bring one of them in a regular island. Oh
Kevin: Um,
Vincent: Oh, maybe you can bring 10 growth in there.
Vincent: Professor 10 growth.
Kevin: here you go. That's that's how you can prove it. Um, okay. Yeah. Um, I think that roughly covers it. Good,
Kevin: good discussion on why we love Cloud Island. Why you should check it out. Like I said, um, for
Kevin: listening to the slack post my car you can check out my.
Kevin: My friend Mark and I have been doing work both Al and Vincent here have been to it.
Kevin: You can it's a cute little place to work in progress.
Kevin: We've built the restaurant, Mark is quite good.
Kevin: We created with his houses so he's built some great like a hot springs with a house over it.
Kevin: I'm trying to figure out a subway system.
Kevin: Boy it's a lot of work.
Kevin: I built the boxing ring for the hitmon family.
Kevin: That was fun.
Kevin: And just, yeah, just, just check out, um.
Kevin: It's great fun. I might, everyone has a code to come on by. Um, but, okay, with that said, um, Cloud Island,
Kevin: I hope it's great. Um, with that, uh, let's, let's wrap this up. Uh, Vincent, anything you would
Kevin: let your fear, plug, et cetera.
Vincent: No, not really, just, you know, you can find me on the Slack, if you join the Patreon.
Kevin: Yeah, there he is there.
Vincent: I will also share my Cloud Island information on there.
Vincent: I do have a subway system.
Vincent: I built one on, I kind of use else, Cloud Island because I don't, he doesn't use as much.
Kevin: Yeah
Vincent: I use it as like a testing ground for beta tests before I, for any big projects.
Vincent: Before I do it on my own island, so I think I had the subway system figured out, but you're just going to watch out for the uneven terrain.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: That's smart
Kevin: That's right, I wondered why just I wonder why just kind of ended wherever on Al's I don't have sense now
Kevin: Um, I'll have to check out your place. I haven't been your island. Um, it's a n more. That's more more
Kevin: Well, I find the foundation button. No, I never will but anyways good stuff
Kevin: I'm at coop presents wherever I don't have
Kevin: Too much interesting going on these days, but you know, but whatever
Kevin: But more importantly the show at
Kevin: THS pod on tumblr and blue sky or better yet go to harvest season.club
Kevin: Are proper website where you can find all the episodes you can find links till everything week
Kevin: talked about on the show and the feedback form send us messages so we can read them on their
Kevin: Notice you and say Senpai will notice you and we can
Kevin: Answer and discuss it on live on the show
Kevin: um, and
Kevin: Even more well, not even more better. But also just as good patreon.com/ths pod
Kevin: You can throw a few bucks Al's way every month to get access to all sorts of goodies
Kevin: Including the green house episodes where we talk about all sorts of other non-conscore nonsense we probably at some point. We'll do a super Mario movie
Kevin: Review or something because then the Mario movie came out. I probably will talk about it. Hey, you watch it
Kevin: Look fox McLeod's any people. There's stuff to be said
Kevin: Yeah, um, or and you can also get access to the slack that we mentioned the harvest season slack
Kevin: Where everyone hangs out has a good time
Kevin: We've talked lots of poco be a chat in there and we're going to start sharing cloud island stuff there
Kevin: So it's going to get even more happening
Kevin: Okay, what with all that said
Kevin: Thank you Vincent for coming on. It was a pleasure having you on for the first time your THSD view very good stuff
Kevin: Thank you, Al for having us on
Kevin: And for editing the episode and all that and thank you listener for listening and putting up with all our nonsense
Kevin: One day there may be a game that will not be poco be with me talk about it. Okay. I'm kidding. Tom Adoch your life's coming out
Kevin: I know I'll set on that one. So that will be discussed relatively soon. It's coming but anyways, so yeah until next time everyone have a good horse
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
Vincent: Have a good harvest.
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin, Stuart, Analisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Kevin: There you go, asynchronous as we do, alright, take care, everyone, have a good week.
Vincent: [laughing]